Review. (#101)
iterate-ch/docs: mountainduck/sync.md

Please make sure to enable the Mountain Duck [Integration](interface.md#context-menu-in-finder-and-windows-file-explorer) in *System Preferences → Extensions → Finder Extensions*.
```

## Keep Offline

Choose *Mountain Duck → Keep Offline on Local Disk* to make files and folders available offline. The status of the file will change to *In Sync*. The action is recursive for all contained files when a folder is selected and applies to new files found on the remote storage.

```{image} _images/Sync_Context_Menu_macOS.png
:alt: Send Command
:width: 500px
```

```{note}

> Files are saved in a obfuscated cache on local disk and cannot be accessed directly. You must keep the volume mounted but can access files regardless if a connection to the server is possible when marked with a green checkmark. Changes are synchronized in the background when the server is reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files marked with a green checkmark remain accessible, regardless of the network connection to the server, while the volume is mounted. Changes are synchronized in the background when the server is reachable again. This is made possible by caching file contents in an obfuscated cache on local, which is unavailable for direct use.
```

> Files marked with a green checkmark remain accessible, regardless of the network connection to the server, while the volume is mounted. Changes are synchronized in the background when the server is reachable again. This is made possible by caching file contents in an obfuscated cache on local, which is unavailable for direct use.

Reviewer 2: How about this?
"As long as the volume is mounted, files marked with a green checkmark remain accessible even if the network connection drops. Changes are synchronized in the background when the server is reachable again. This is made possible by caching file contents in an obfuscated cache on a local disk, which is unavailable for direct use."

```

To reach the context menu right-click on a file or folder in File Explorer (Windows) or Finder (macOS). Refer to [Finder Extension & Windows File Explorer Extension](interface.md#context-menu-in-finder-and-windows-file-explorer).

## Delete on Local Disk

Choose *Mountain Duck → Delete on Local Disk* to delete the offline copy. The status of the file will change to *Online Only*. The action is recursive for all contained files when a folder is selected and allows you to quickly free up space used in the cache on your local disk

```{note}

> Files will get cached again regardless this setting if opened again later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files will get cached again regardless this setting if accessed again later (e.g. Finder and Windows Explorer thumbnail preview and media file metadata retrieval).
```
